yo what's going on guys it's rage by the
way here back with another fury warrior
video
um i'm just gonna be going over the
phase three your biss
potential off pieces anything of that
sort there's a lot of items in bt and
hydrill that drop that are
usable for a lot of classes just like
ssc and tk was so we're going to be
going over what your possible best is
and
what are good off pieces if it's going
to be a while before you see those main
pieces because they're used for other
classes so let's get right into it right
away you guys see i have pretty much
what your best is going to look like for
phase two what you should be walking out
of phase two with um
this should be pretty close to what you
have you know there's so could be some
discrepancies like what you have and
what you were able to obtain but this is
like your potential like this will be
like your biss coming out of phase two
so i'm going to show you guys what that
looks like as you're like going through
each piece
so let's start right at the helm
so at the helm your best is going to be
cursed vision for sure chris vision is
going to be here to be the best it's got
the best stats on it the problem with
cursed vision is that
you're going to be fighting over this
there's a lot of classes that need this
pretty much every single melee
hunters need this it's just bits all
around for every single
type of attack power class so this might
be very hard for you to get and it also
drops from illidan so it could be a
while before you see this
your second best is going to just be
your onslaught battle helm that drops
from archimonde hydrill summit
this will be your second best
hydro is pretty easy to clear it's not
too bad your guild you know if you're if
you're progressing your guild will
should be able to clear arkham on pretty
fast um
hyjal's looking like it's not not too
tough this time around so
um hopefully you are able to get this
get this to your piece but we are
sharing
tier pieces with obviously other classes
so hopefully you can swoop that
helmet of the illidari shutter is also
pretty good uh
it's got very good stats and a lot of
crit it's got a meta socket still in the
yellow socket so able to fit in all the
everything that you need there this
drops from
a bunch of different much different
people i think i think this has like
multiple drops but
or it might be this might actually be uh
no this is uh council this is council
sorry um
so this drops from council so
council is also a very hard fight in bt
um so hopefully you guys can get there
but yeah so still three very good
options hi joel two from black temple
all very good options that you can go
for but cursed vision is going to be
your best if you are able to obtain it
next we're going to next we have choker
of endless nightmares from supremus this
is going to be your absolute best um
rings necklaces all that kind of stuff
you guys know that a lot of classes
share those just
naturally so
hopefully you guys are able to obtain
this if not choker of serrated blades is
also a very good option it drops from
hyjal's summit it's just a trash drop i
noticed that there are a lot of trash
groups going on right now for this phase
so this could potentially be pretty easy
for you to swoop in and get if you can
just do a giant trash mob while you're
doing your wrap grinder or anything that
you need
um so this might not be too hard to pick
up if not your pen to the perilous is
still a very good very good neck that
you can get from ssc you probably got
this as this is also just from trash
drops in there so also a very good
option but these two are going to be
your best choker it's going to be your
absolute best though
next we're going to shoulders
your onslaught shoulders are going to be
your best they drop from mother shaz
shahraz shahraz say you say that shahraz
from black temple these are your
absolute absolute best um these just
have the best stats on it um they also
have
um
armor pen on them so very very good
these obviously like they share a token
with a lot of their classes with two
other classes so you're gonna have to
fight over those if not you could also
go for bloodstained pauldrons
from rage winter chill this is the first
boss in hydraulic you guys should be
able to clear that pretty easily as a
guild or even in pugs i've seen a lot of
plugs that have when they go into trash
they just do rage winter chill pretty
easily so
not a very hard fight to do um
if not you can still stick with your
shoulder pads of the stranger if you
guys got those from ssc these are still
going to be very good for you for a
while um
i don't know much about the crafted gear
yet um swift steel could potentially be
good for the haste
that it has on it but i have not yet
tested this and as far as i've seen not
a lot of people are using it so
use it at your own you know discrepancy
if you decide that it's good then use
them if you really need an upgrade like
let's say you have something like way
down here that's just not
not very good maybe potentially like
from phase or from the first phase like
tier four um you could definitely try to
make these and get these as it as it is
just a crafted plan so you could try to
get these pretty easily
other than that onslaught's gonna be
your best
we going to cloaks
shadowing destroyers drapes gonna be
best drops from taran gorefiend
cloaks are the same way has other
classes that you were going to be
sharing this um this is going to be a
drop that's going to be used for almost
every single class that uses ap
um
so keep that in mind when you're when
you're trying to go for stuff clock of
darkness is also a very good option um
otherwise you could just stick with your
battle your avengers trap vengeance trap
will stay good for a while it's got
sockets on it's got socket on it and
it's got good crit and attack power on
it so also a very good option but shadow
shadow moon destroys drape is gonna be
your best
on the next
we got onslaught breastplate that is
going to be your absolute best um this
is going to share that's your uh
two set with your onslaught shoulder so
just gonna get better executes as a fury
warrior
if you don't have that if you if there's
you know this drops also drops from
illidan with sharon a tier piece so
same same results uh
if you can't get this right away then
midnight chest card is also very good
josh from archimonde this is also going
to be a piece that is
going to be very high highly sought
after by other classes as well it's got
three sockets got crazy stats on it so
might not be
your chest is probably gonna be one of
your hardest to obtain um going through
this because both of these are going to
be kind of hard to obtain because they
both dropped from the last boss in each
raid and they both are wanted by a lot
of different classes and specs so
most likely you're going to be sticking
with your destroyer breast plate or your
bloodst brigands vest for a while
um
these are both very good options and
they'll both be very viable for you for
for a bit
so just stat wise um even if you have to
break the destroyer um set piece uh it's
not that big a deal stat wise it's still
gonna be good um if you do have to break
the destroyer set piece i would and you
have a blood seed brigand i would
recommend like switching to the blood c
because this is obviously not as good
without the four set
um so switch to the blood see if you are
breaking the set if you have these
but yeah so onslaught's gonna be your
best
for your wrists
bindings of lightning reflexes this is
kind of a weird one this is going to be
from leather working these are boe so
you can actually buy these on the
auction house i've seen them go for
about 900 to a thousand gold um they do
require hearts of darkness which are
kind of expensive right now
um but this is a weird piece because you
know as you guys can see it's got an
elect on it but the haste the attack
power the agility are all very good um
for us
as a as a fury warrior these are rated
as the highest as you could possibly get
to
otherwise you're going to be sticking
with your bracers of eradication from
ssc from lurker below you could also go
with deadly cuffs from rage winter chill
and hyjal these are also going to be
very sought out by like i think rogues
and probably shamans enhancement shamans
and potentially hunters
um so these might also be kind of hard
to get
really honestly the the slot in for
bindings of lightning reflexes is pretty
simple like i said it's it just it's all
you got to do is just buy them off the
auction house or have the bait have your
guild make them hopefully the plan drops
for your guild and you guys can just
have like a leather worker make these
you guys can just um
give him give him your heart of darkness
to to make these so pretty simple so
those are gonna be your best
next we're gonna go into the weapons now
obviously for weapons you guys know more
glides are gonna be the best i mean
there's just no
there were glyphs so war gloves are
gonna be your best if it is going to be
a while before you get more glazed let's
say you're not in line you gotta row
getting them first yadda yadda whatever
um do your best your best option is
going to be
the eventual gladweller's cleaver
or
the sword
wherever the [__] the sword is here
anyways but most of you guys if you guys
don't do pvp that's cool you know it's
you don't have to it's whatever if you
guys don't do pvp you're gonna end up
sticking with your dragon strike as your
main hand uh dragon strike will pretty
much carry you through the entire um
phase if you don't end up getting a
if you don't end up getting glaives
anytime soon
if you're off hand obviously it's gonna
be the glaive that's gonna be your best
um and then also you're gonna wanna run
uh
not that one blade of infamy blade of
infinity from an ethereum and a theorem
from hyjal
this is going to be your second best um
behind glaives so this is what your this
is what it's going to look like
um as your weapons if you don't have
glaze this is pretty much going to be
your optimal setup
if you do have glaives obviously gloves
are going to be your best
look at that
okay
moving on
going on to gloves so going from
destroyers we're going to go to grips of
silent justice these also these have
very good stats on them they also have
armor pen on them so very good for us as
fury warriors
if you these drop from shade of a common
black temple should be pretty simple to
get through shade.com is not a terrible
fight to try to get through
you could also go for your onslaught
gauntlets from as as galore and hydro
summit those are also going to be very
good
there is a
there is a bunch of different options
that are shown that you could grab um it
just kind of depends on what you're
looking at sidewise and where you're at
all of these there's a lot of like haste
type gloves a lot of armor pen type
gloves the grips of style justice are
definitely gonna be your best though
because they have the most armor pen on
them
otherwise if you can't get those anytime
soon goblins and marshall protection are
still going to be pretty good um
just keep your sockets in just run those
like normal until you can get like
pretty much like any of these pieces
these are all going to be pretty decent
for you
um if you can get your hands on them so
give me a second to look at all of those
drops yeah grips of silence justice but
definitely gonna be your best
the old belt of 100 deaths so this is
still going to be your best belt belt of
100 deaths is still going to be your
best in slot there's not a lot of good
um belts that come out of this this new
expansion new expansion this new phase
red battle red belt of battle is also
very good
so if you never were able to obtain a
belt of 100 deaths red belt of battle is
going to be a very good option for you
um
especially if you were running like
girdle of endless pit or something like
that so red bull to battle is a
craftable one i think i bought one for
like 450 gold something like that so not
too expensive
um
i've seen a lot of groups
being formed for ssc and saying that
belt of 100 deaths is on hard reserve so
it seems like a lot of people are trying
to get this hard to reserve it so it
might be kind of hard to to obtain if
you don't already have one so i do
recommend just going with red belts a
battle but obviously
belts 100 that's gonna be best
one of the leggings
leggings of divine retribution here we
go again with the armor pen um tons of
armor pen on that tons of crit really
good stats these are going to be your
best for sure they drop from kurt gertog
and black temple
these are going to be good because
you're not really going to be fighting
over them they're plates so the only
other people that are going to take them
is potentially a rep paladin but
that's only one other class that you
have to fight over so not too bad even
even if you have to wait for two to drop
you'll just end up getting the second
pair unless you have like an armed
worker as well um
so not not too gonna be too hard to get
you have like if you guys are just doing
the loot council or even a roll i mean
you have 33 chance to get these so if
they drop
so pretty good
your second best is going to be
onslaught graves or leggings of endless
rage these are all very good or these
are pretty good um if you can build the
onslaught set up to the four set that
would be really good like i said like
other these all these other pieces could
potentially like you could swap them out
for onslaught
uh so if you're able to get the
onslaught greaves and get four set
that's also pretty decent these are from
the council as well
and then
these drop from archimonde leggings leg
guards of endless rage drop from
archimonde and hyjel so any of these
three are good options but legends of
divine retribution are going to be your
best going to the boots
dread boots dread boots of the legion is
going to be your best they drop give you
a ton of crit and a decent amount of hit
to keep your head up there um
the one the one bad thing about all this
new gear is that there's a lot there's
armor pen on it and a lot of that armor
pen gear doesn't come with hit so you're
going to be kind of lacking a bit of hit
if you don't get it from somewhere else
so this is we're going to kind of be
making sacrifices where
something that is
looks like it's better for dps might not
be better for you because you're you're
lacking the hit so you got to make sure
you're still balancing that out as a
fury warrior because you definitely need
that hit
so dread boots of the legion is
definitely going to be your best
you could go for shadow masters boots
depending on where your hits looking
these are also very good um
that i don't think they're better than
dread boots
stat wise but they are a very good
option but there are since leather there
will be other classes going for this
where boots of obliteration are also
going to be pretty good they drop but
they have a decent amount of crit so
these are going to be pretty good if you
still have these
but yeah tread boots legion definitely
gonna be your best
we're going to the rings
like i said earlier this is uh when it
comes to the rings necklaces all that
stuff they're gonna be
fought over by everybody just because
they're used by you know every character
that uses ap so
stormrage signet ring
and unstoppable aggressor rings are
gonna be your two your two best
stormrage stigma ring comes with hit
attack power and armor pen so very very
good ring disrupts from illidan though
so might be a while before you see this
if you don't have this just stick with
your if you don't get this for a while
stick with your band of the rager
general this is going to be your best
your second it's gonna be unstoppable
aggressors ring this drops from gert dog
blood oil we have a lot of pieces that
drop from blood boil so
whenever try to you know if you guys are
killing blood well make sure to pay
attention to that because there's a
bunch of good pieces that drop for us
from him so this will be your absolute
best um besides
the stormridge if you don't have that i
would just go for um
what is it
not that one
i can't remember what the hell it
i was it was
ring of lethality i think people are
trying to run or it might be ring of a
thousand marks
so it might be abandoned
ranger general and ring 1000 marks um
you probably aren't going to have the
world boss ring so i wouldn't worry
about that better devastation is also
good and it's a zone drop so trash drop
this could drop good haste rating good
attack power i think enhancement shamans
use this and hunters so this might get
rolled on quite a bit but
there is a lot of viable rings that you
could use um so a lot of people are
still running shape shifters signet for
the expertise depending on where your
expertise is at this might still be
worth running um just for your extra
expertise that you might need so keep
that in mind while you're doing all your
stats but there are a lot of good
options for rings it just depends on
where you're at with stat wise but these
will be your two best
all right for trinkets we're gonna be
replacing the tsunami talisman with
madness of the betrayer madison betrayer
is absolutely broken um it just gives
you armor pen it gives you a chance to
have armor pen which is very very good
for us um we saw how good it was first
badge of the swarm guard back in the day
when that was being used a lot
this is pretty much like
i don't even know if it's a better badge
of the swarm guard
where's better the swarm guard i always
forget how much it gives you
let's look at a
badge
of
yeah so this is actually so i think
badge might actually be
it's tough though because badges are
unused so
i don't know how much this actually
evens out i've seen a lot of people
replace their badge with madness so i'm
gonna assume that madness is better um
so madness is probably still gonna be
your best especially because badge is
gonna be hard to get because it's old
content so if you don't have badge you
could definitely like try between the
two if you do end up having two of them
um
but i i it just kind of depends i think
on the fight too because if you have an
on use effect it's going to give you
more armor pen but the madness is going
to give you more steady armor pin by
just being just an equip
so
kind of up to you madness is the best
though um along with the st still dst is
still going to be our best um regardless
i mean dsd is going to be broken for the
entire expansion so
yeah two of your best otherwise run
tsunami talisman run dst um
run bloodlust brooch if you absolutely
have to hourglass still isn't a bad
still isn't bad um
[Music]
any of these are still gonna be good um
if you have your empty mug from the um
seasonal event you can do that but yeah
it's pretty pretty straightforward with
trinkets for us
and then your range is going to be
servants by longbow from lady vosh if
you were able to acquire one of those if
not circumcised sherffin
serpent shrine shuriken it's going to be
second best um
from the zone drop in ssc i've seen
people running twisted blades of zarok
uh you can run twisted blades it is it
has a very high crit
since you have the agility and also the
crit strike rating um it just kind of
depends on where your stats at um
surface shrine is used if you need more
hits it's a good replacement if you need
more hit with still a decent amount of
crit on it um
surf and spine longbow is good for crit
if you want the extra ap and then
obviously the the twisted blades of
zarak is if you just want the straight
crit um just really this the range
really just depends on where your stats
are lying um if you're good on hit i'd
say twisted blades are going to be your
best um if you want like a
just uh you know if you don't if you
don't ever get these or you can't ever
play some surprise but it's still going
to be your best or to sure can so don't
be don't be upset if you if you end up
keeping those for a while
and that's pretty much going to be it uh
this is pretty much your optimal build
like i said if you don't get war glazer
glaze it's gonna be the hardest thing
you can get just because it's all a drop
chance and you could be potentially
having to wait a long time if somebody's
in line before you
just go with dragon strike go with a
blade of
blade of [__] whatever it's called
blade of infamy
um if you absolutely have to uh these
are gonna be your second best um
you should be running dragon strike
anyway from the second phase so that
shouldn't be a problem if you do end up
getting warglaives my plan is if i end
up getting war glaves or
you know replacing my dragon strike with
warblades i'm going to end up probably
you kind of decide whether you want to
draw blacksmithing or not you don't
really need blacksmithing at that point
because you don't need it for anything
like that um
so you could draw blacksmithing and pick
up like jewelcrafting or something if
you really want to or engineering if you
don't have it yet or you could hold on
to blacksmithing until wrath um because
assuming there's going to be wrath wrath
classics so
just kind of depends on where you're at
with gold and stuff but
warblades are definitely gonna be a
while before you get them but yeah this
is your optimal setup if you guys have
any questions or you guys want to talk
about anything or um theorycraft go
ahead and say some in the comments i'll
be answering people or talking to people
as much as possible um if you guys have
any ideas of what you guys want to be
running or you know where you're looking
or you have any questions on like what
you should grab if
depending on like your guild and how
much you clear just let me know i'm down
to answer any questions or talk to
people so i hope you guys enjoyed this
video and i will see in the next one
later